title
Hi guys, if you like planes ✈️ or plane games, please check our Planes Control! This gameplay is dedicated France entering the WWI and is featuring the most remarkable planes of that time!
gonna start work on a smaller multiple ending, choice based game. got the routes basics planned out but idk if the routes are to short or if there's not enough endings. what do you think? (compressed so can't just read game lol) aiming for it to be like 40-60 min long
Do you like artifacts like that which allow you to glide? It may be useful in some cases and it also allows you to get to some areas faster/earlier or to some secret rooms too ^^
Hotspring is a must for everyone!! Why not take a dive like these capybaras :o
Laparoscopic surgery is a minimally invasive procedure used to remove the gallstones. I hope you like it in Project Hospital.
Working on a new boss for our rogue like autoshooter HiveCorp. What do you think and do you have any suggestions for some fitting abilities? (WIP)
I wanted to see what a dungeon crawling golf game could look like... so I made one
Goblin fight from my Zelda2 like
Added take off effects, it's not a lot, but I believe love to small details like that, really makes a different... Hope you like it. It's from my game VORON, which I'm solo developing
Hi, a character from our game. I've a question: do game developers like to make devlogs about their games they're working on? We sure do ;D
hi! I'm a single indie developer working on a game inspired by Starcraft but instead of humanoids or creatures, Im using Countryballs! I'd like to invite you along on my journey to create a great RTS game!
Made my first stylized UI for a game that was developed for a game JAM, how do you like it? [OC]
Meet Zeri, a cassette sidekick for a roguelike shooter my team is working on. They’ll work as a tutorial/guide and be important to the story
I'm working on a first-person adventure, inspired by myst-likes, half-likes, and Moebius artworks. First impressions?
Roguelike Deck Building Game - &lt;Split Square&gt; Demo
Hello everyone, we're currently making a strategy roguelike game with deckbuilding elements where players take on the role of a seed and grow into a fully grown tree. We would really appreciate your feedback on the game's mechanics and overall design.
Do you like conveyor belts? They will slow you down or speed you up!
I worked a little bit on this older ruins in my game (Under the Island) and added some parallax scrolling and foreground elements to it. How do you like it?
Do you like the combat? Still working on the style.
Working on a new boss for our rogue like autoshooter HiveCorp. What do you think and do you have any suggestions for some fitting abilities? (WIP)
fancy a Vampire Survivors-like rocket hell in space?
I have been developing this game solo for over 2 years and this is how it looks like.
Added take off effects, it's not a lot, but I believe love to small details like that, really makes a different... Hope you like it. It's from my game VORON, which I'm solo developing
Hi, a character from our game. I've a question: do game developers like to make devlogs about their games they're working on? We sure do ;D
Discovering a new tile in my procedurally generated RPG party game (inspired by Dokapon Kingdom). If there's anything you'd like to see in a game like this or have any questions, let me know!
hi! I'm a single indie developer working on a game inspired by Starcraft but instead of humanoids or creatures, Im using Countryballs! I'd like to invite you along on my journey to create a great RTS game!
Smells Like Burnt Rubber: New screenshots for my upcoming arcade racing game :-) What do you think?
Hey Reddit! We're Shieldbreaking Games, and we're excited to announce our latest roguelike game, StormEdge. Check out our official trailer and let us know what you think in the comments below!
Hello guys! We are working on "Gambit Shifter" a chess inspired puzzle game in which you control one single Pawn that can shift into the other pawns types - This is our intro to the levels, do you like it? - Any type of feedback is welcome and appreciated!
We wish to resolve an ancient question - which is better, hammer or sword? I hope you like our battle animations for Silence of the Siren, feedback is very appreciated.
Roguelike Deck Building Game - &lt;Split Square&gt; Demo
Dead Horizon is a game where you can 'solve' more than a few puzzles by using your gun. Just like all great heroes!
Handful of people didn't like "nudity" in my game, so I made optional setting for pants to appear! 😶
My DBD arcade minigame is ready to play. Hope you like it!
Added take off effects, it's not a lot, but I believe love to small details like that, really makes a different... Hope you like it. It's from my game VORON, which I'm solo developing
The Kickstarter for our game isn't going as well as we'd hoped, and we aren't sure what we could have done better. If you saw a game like ours, what would you use as a hook to help draw people in? Or what are the questions you'd have that would keep you on the fence about it?
Hi, a character from our game. I've a question: do game developers like to make devlogs about their games they're working on? We sure do ;D
Working on new card art for our dark fantasy roguelike deckbuilder! Its name is Monarch Butterfly. What do you think?
Hack.Hub | Capture data like c00l hackers
Made my first stylized UI for a game that was developed for a game JAM, how do you like it?
hi! I'm a single indie developer working on a game inspired by Starcraft but instead of humanoids or creatures, Im using Countryballs! I'd like to invite you along on my journey to create a great RTS game!
Designed a new character for a roguelike rhythm shooter. They’re a cassette sidekick that will work as a tutorial/guide for the player
It's beginning to look like a proper game now, what do you think?
We are debating about adding Co-Op to our game, do you think it's worth the effort for a game like this?
Meet the new dog companion and his interaction change. You like this boy?
ClickeRogue : A game about Clicking in a dunger crawler roguelike
Just released Gridlocke, a roguelike deckbuilder tactics game for free!
I would love feedback on the controls, combat, and visual aesthetic of my EARLY PROTOTYPE roguelike. (controller required)
Looking for feedback on my final demo release: Beyond the Mountains (Zelda-like top-down RPG)
Bad Boro - A twin stick Souls-like set in a mysterious city. Closed beta is ending in 2 weeks!
Roguelike Deck Building Game - &lt;Split Square&gt; Demo
Action roguelike 'Edge Of Dead'!
Hey All - I made a rogue-like boomer shooter for 7DRL Game Jam
I'd like to share my first game with you. It's a simple top down shooter called Polygon Protocol where you have to get as many points as possible by shooting the enemies. Please give me your feedback :)
Please Give Me Ideas for my Roblox Game. Game Has Mario-like Physics and Capitalizes on Every Ounce the Engine Has to Offer
I just launched my online-multiplayer, chess-like, turn-based strategy game. I'm really proud of it, and I've been having a lot of fun playing random people! Still have a lot to do (help me prioritize)!
I made a keyboard action rouge-like game! This game is still under development, and the demo version is being released for free!
I made cooking game like Diner Dash but with Typing Mechanic! Need feedback for balancing!
Seems like double-tapping needs to be doubled. Try our Demo now!
Hi Everyone! I made a game during my free time using Unity. You can play it on itch.io (https://n-studio.itch.io/pixelshinobi) newgrounds (https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/project/4537636) Hope you will like it and have fun! Don’t forget to give me feedback after you play!
Sharing to the public the free demo of our roguelite bullet heaven game, Time Survivors - if you like the genre, please try it!
I'm creating this game about climbing colossal creatures in fractal environments and I'm running a playtest if you guys would like to give it a try. Thanks!
Today I launched a public playtest of my game Beyond the Long Night - an uplifting roguelike adventure.
Sound ON :). I need your help to make my game the best it can be. I've just released a trailer for my upcoming game, and I'm looking for honest feedback. What did you like? What didn't work for you? Did it capture your attention and make you want to play? Thanks in advance for taking the time.
Hi! I'm currently opening a public playtesting for my game Bangkok Story: A Stray Dog. A 2D top-down adventure game inspired by true events in Thailand 2017 about how a homeless man regains his sense of self by talking to a stray dog. The game is inspired by To The Moon, Rakuen and the likes.
Try out our demo for "Roots of Yggdrasil" - a roguelike city builder with a stress factor
Dice Hero: The Unoriginal Story, Dice based Roguelike. Demo now also on Steam!
My Fps Roguelike need Beta testers! If you are interested DM me :)
After three years of hard work, my friend and I are excited to share a demo of our first title : Mechanic Heroes, an overcooked-like game set in an auto repair shop. We’d be very grateful for any feedback. 🙏
RUN GUNNER an Endless First-Person Shooter. Hey guys, solo indie dev here. I just published my first game on Android, the gameplay is a combination of Endless Runner and FPS genres. Hope you like it. Link- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.KailashKrida.RunGunner2 (Also in comments)
I published a new deck building roguelike where you unlock cards as you progress further in levels
A whirlwind of emotions, disguised as an intriguing top-down mixture of souls-like and hack’n’slash: we released the very first PC demo for Ashen Knights: One Passage at Steam Next Fest along with a tailor-made traier. We'll appreciate any feedback and thoughts. Thank you for stopping by!
WSIB Turn based RPGs like FF7, Dragon Quest 11, Persona 5, and Chained Echoes
[WSIB] Medieval FPS games like or similar to Hexen/Heretic for Xbox One/Series S/X?
SIB: Low budget Soulslike edition! Thymesia, Steelrising or Bleak Faith: Forsaken?
WSIB: An engaging game on pc around like 15 dollars or less
[WSIB] Any games like Undefeated or games where you have superpowers
Animal crossing like experience on Series X
Are there any games like Noita or a really cool magic system?
WSBI Affordable quick arcadey like games?
WSIB: Runescape like
SIB Noita if I haven't played roguelikes before?
WSIB that feels like Gungeon
When patient has dangerous gallstones, it might be neccessary to do laparoscopic surgery. This minimally invasive procedure is managed with a few small cuts in the abdominal area. I hope you like it in Project Hospital.
Meet the Nagini: A new Minecraft mob coming to Ethermoor. Hey, Reddit! We're excited to share our first-ever mob showcase with you! Meet the Nagini/Naga, a snake-like creature that will slither its way into Ethermoor's world.
fancy a Vampire Survivors-like rocket hell in space?
My Xcom-like SRPG Game!!
Discovering a new tile in my procedurally generated RPG party game (inspired by Dokapon Kingdom). If there's anything you'd like to see in a game like this, let me know!
Hi guys, I need help with the character and items facing left and right. I prefer all objects to be facing right because of the layout and inventory. But artists are insisting it is ok to have the character's face left. But for me it looks weird, like the character is looking into thin air.
Explosion Abilities are now have Slow-Motion effect, what do you think about it? Also do you like VFX and destruction?
I continue to work on the remake of mafia 1. Write how do you like this idea? Your reactions give more motivation 🙏🏼
Today we'd like to show you a small fragment of the space station map. Where would you go first?
Added take off effects, it's not a lot, but I believe love to small details like that, really makes a different... Hope you like it. It's from my game VORON, which I'm solo developing
The Kickstarter for our game isn't going as well as we'd hoped, and we aren't sure what we could have done better. If you saw a game like ours, what would you use as a hook to help draw people in? Or what are the questions you'd have that would keep you on the fence about it?
Hi, a character from our game. I've a question: do game developers like to make devlogs about their games they're working on? We sure do ;D
Working on new card art for our dark fantasy roguelike deckbuilder! Its name is Monarch Butterfly. What do you think?
Hack.Hub | Capture data like c00l hackers
Made my first stylized UI for a game that was developed for a game JAM, how do you like it?
hi! I'm a single indie developer working on a game inspired by Starcraft but instead of humanoids or creatures, Im using Countryballs! I'd like to invite you along on my journey to create a great RTS game!
Designed a new character for a roguelike rhythm shooter. They’re a cassette sidekick that will work as a tutorial/guide for the player
It's beginning to look like a proper game now, what do you think?
We are debating about adding Co-Op to our game, do you think it's worth the effort for a game like this?
Meet the new dog companion and his interaction change. You like this boy?
I wish more games with active button prompts can display like the left
Does anyone even like motion blur?
Bought this game called Silver Falls for the WiiU. The gamepad functions like the characters smart phone w/ apps while you use the wii mote to move and explore the spooky forest looking for a missing person. This game was released on the eShop in February 2023!
Not the best recreation of this players hairstyle - looks like doo-doo
I built a ChatGPT-like bot that suggests games based on over 100k posts and comments from r/ShouldIbuythisgame.
What is a game that you respect as being well-made and generally good, but, for whatever reason, you just don't like? Mine would be Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. It looks great, controls great, and has fantastic art and level design... but I just can't gel with the combat and don't like playing it.
My scythe... I like to keep it next to where my heart used to be.
Life By You. Looks like the Sims series is going to have some fresh new competition. I love that the life simulation genre is growing.
What do you think will be the implications of Tools like ChatGPT and Elevenlabs on Gaming?
Why do players dislike the game restricting your actions. Even when it's part of the design?
Dark Souls: Remastered and Prey (2017) have amazing world design, and I wish more games were like this.
I really want to like Red Dead 2, but it is the opposite of why I play games
How player power is designed in Roguelike RPGs.
Feels like we don't get enough games today that focus on translating a fun, novel activity into gameplay.
How did smart AI technology, like the one that was introduced in the Left 4 Dead series, advance as gaming further developed?
Some thoughts on the design shift from roguelike to roguelite
Returnal (PS5) - The Freud-like with a very smart soundtrack
As much as I want to like Cyberpunk 2077 it will never be "good now". It has simply made me greatly appreciate the skill and expertise in other AAA open world games and rpgs
Developers like Hideo Kojima and Yoko Taro seem to understand something about games that many of their peers don’t
I would like to see God of War return to the older combat system.
I feel like a lot of people misunderstand DLC.
Is it OK to make AI opponents look like real people?
Today I realized I've been playing roguelikes wrong my entire life.
Why does God of War: Ragnarok feel like a Disney Theme Park Ride?
Farming/Dating Sims that are touted to be 'chill games' like Stardew, Rune Factory, Harvest Moon, etc. are stressful as hell.
I feel like classic zombies usually are terrible/bad enemies
A casual normie's take on why I don't like dialogue options.
Eating and sleeping mechanics in games feel like a chore
When talking about "better AI", I think we need to differentiate between "smarter AI" and "more human-like AI".
The moment-to-moment gameplay for The Last of US 2 feels like a nightmare, and that’s what I love about it.
Are Tactical Shooters Like Oldschool Rainbow Six/Tom Clancy Dead?
Thymesia made me realize what most souls-likes get wrong.
There's a lot of misconceptions about Fighting games as a genre, what its issues are and why people play or don't play them, and I'd like to try to discuss it.
A game like Foxhole (top-down) can handle 3,000 online players. Is the technology there to do this for an FPS war game?
Are we thinking about open world games wrong? I feel we should treat them like a buffet rather than an à la carte option.
The souls-like curse
I don't like [popular games] And I feel like something is wrong with me
Hi! Any games that are similar to Sims 4, also Marvel games? I just got a PC just for sims and I got the Spider-man Miles Morales game and i’m hooked! I tried Cyberpunk but I didn’t really like it. Looking for games that are fun but not gory or too violent, i’d love to hear some of your favorites.
Wow I did not expect the game to be like this.
Who raised people like this?!
Do any of you work in the industry? What it it like?
I’m a console gamer who doesn’t have a dedicated space to play. I’d like to share my dumb solution to that problem. My mobile battlestation.
Um... I'm over here? ...It's like he doesn't even care.
Yakuza/Like a Dragon Ishin is really refreshing to play in terms of equal opportunity fanservice
Struggling with the need to play "optimally" or like i *need* to follow the meta. Help!
Which game would you like to see get a movie or tv show adaptation?
I'd like to voice chat. I wish I didn't sound like a man.
ISO like the Corsair K100 Air so I can have long nails again.
Valve likes the idea of an OLED Steam Deck, too, but says it isn't as simple as it sounds
It seems Soulslike "Bleak Faith: Forsaken" is using stolen Assets from Fromsoft games.
Towers Deck - Emilijus Games - A mix of deckbuilding, tower defense and roguelike
Gatekeeper - Gravity Lagoon - An action Roguelike game with addictive Risk of Rain 2 gameplay
Temporal Shore - Overhead Games - A blend of roguelike deck-building and survival strategy where you lead a team on a mysterious island trapped in a time loop. Try to survive and escape the island!
Core Devourer - Hubber Studios - Sci-fi Roguelike bullet-heaven. Discover and upgrade cyber Cores to create game-breaking builds! (Demo available soon)
Spell Disk - Sunpeak Games - Action Roguelike with a special synergy building system!
Rogue Realms - Destined - Turnbased Roguelike which is a cross between Dorfromantik and Civilization
High and Dry - Goose Games - FTL Inspired Pirate Strategy Roguelike
Dethroned - Irid Games - Tactical Roguelike with Tetris-like army management
Netherguild - David Vino - Roguelike-Inspired, Turn-Based Tactical Dungeon-Crawler with Voxel visuals
I think there should be more VR games like the Moss games.
Nekomancer - CroixDev - A roguelike deckbuilder where you can summon elemental cats! the demo will arrive this month on STEAM!
Digital Foundry: Like a Dragon: Ishin! DF Tech Review - PS5 vs Xbox Series X/S vs PC vs... PS3?
Vampire Survivors 2 Is Unlikely, Would Have To Offer Something "Radically New"
Here it is! The open world reveal of my solo indie game, The Axis Unseen! This is my first solo indie game after 14 years working on games like Skyrim/Fallout. There's six different regions, each with their own creatures folklore, weathers and locations. Hope you like it!
It took me a lot of time to put together a scene like this without losing performance!
I'm sharing the progress with my game. The biggest one is that it's no longer a solo project. We are a indie dev team right now. I hope you'll like our new trailer.
Added gravestones with loot to my roguelike
My first published game dropped yesterday on Nintendo Switch! I am so proud of it, and I wanted to say a big thank you to the whole indie community. Games like mine exists because of you!
We're a team of 9 and we released a roguelike where you fight an evil AI with a bunch of naked humans, armed with means at hand. It has ridiculos weapons like stale pretzels and fridges, and tons of anime references.
I wanted to see what a dungeon crawling golf game could look like... so I made one
Only 2 bois making a game and we had a lot of trouble to make a good trailer, but at the end we really liked the result. What do you think?
Guys, we just reached a very important milestone with our metroidvania-style game, Mandragora: we launched a Kickstarter campaign a couple of minutes ago. I hope you'll like this short teaser video:
Did some major updates to my isometric tiles! Sculpted terrain, more textures, texture blending and better foliage scattering :) Do you like the new version?
I made a rollercoaster in my room! Feels like the toy I always wanted as a kid
That's the loading screen of my game, what do you think about it? Which details do you like most of all?
Gifs for the 'Zelda2-like' im developing! what do you think? :)
Copycat is a narravive-driven cat game my girlfriend and I are working on. Wanted to share a little gameplay teaser. Hope you like it!
I'm making a game with my partner about a white mechanical deer. Here's a first look, hope you guys like it!
We are making a really fast-paced FPS inspired by classic action movies like Mad Max and Matrix, what do you think?
Have you ever imagined a guy running alongside the car? Would you play a game like this? Register for the first playtests (link in the comments).
Which studio logo do you like more?
Do you like our new studio logo?
The screenshots from my game Daydream. What kind of clouds do you like more: realistic or sylized ones? And why?
Trailer for my roguelike dungeon crawler Gloomgrave
I've been working on a colorful adventure game inspired by my all-time favorites "Beyond Good and Evil" &amp; "Zelda Windwaker"... Above all, I wanted free exploration so I added a turtle to sail and magnetic claws to climb everywhere. I hope you'll like it!
A first look at our turn based tactics game. How do you like the art style?
Working on my very first game called 'VOIN', a 1st person dark fantasy roguelike slasher! What do you think of the visuals?
prototyping super brutal special moves like CUT... and PASTE! fps in a computer has me so tickled lol
Item rarity colors like in Diablo 2 always gave me an unexplainable excitement, finally I implemented rarity highlighting for popups in my game
Hey there! I made this little concept for a game I'm thinking of making. What do you think? Would you like seeing a game in this style?
Enemies can also parry. Like a player.
Working on a mashup of FTL and Slay the Spire and this is what it looks like. What do you think, are the 3d art assets too much for a card game?
We're the Move or Die devs and we made this little roguelike with a tardigrade for FREE
You guys said the worm felt like it was in the background, so I've made a few changes to make it more visible. What do you think?
We’re making a techno-medieval roguelike where you have swordfights with spaceships
An early trailer for a 'Disco-like' I'm developing.
After about a year of hard work, we've finally got a little teaser for our roguelike Project Grimm - how'd we do?
Hockey + Roguelike. How do you think this works ? Wrong answer only.
all the Characters i designed so far for my 'zelda2-like' which is your favorite?
Cinematic Trailer of a New Indie Game about a vampire starting from scratch in present times. Game Name: Brocula. Links in comment if you would like to wishlist.
Our new enemy is a werewolf. Do you like his fur? Does he look menacing enough?
My friend and I are developing a single-player metroidvania where you explore the world inside a dog's body. How do you like it?
After 4.5 yrs of solo development, my debut title Isles of Etherion, a 3rd-person open-world Voxel ARPG combining Diablo-like combat, Final Fantasy-like world and 100% destructible environment, is coming to Steam Early Access in 4 days!
thank you all for the positive feedback. here More images and videos from my Zelda2-like currently in development. including a better look at combat and unique areas :)
2 Months of progress on our co-op roguelike - time really flies by. Any changes you love or hate the most?
Project Grimm, our co-op action roguelike, is pushing on! If you liked the Big Bad Wolf, what do you think of the progress on Little Red?
Showcasing the first area gameplay in our retro souls-like Tyrant's Realm!
Hi guys! It's been a while since I last posted here. As we're going on Kickstarter soon (one of the the biggest adventures of my life, I have to say), I thought I'd share with you some progress with our game, Mandragora. I hope you'll like it!
Testing out new glow/light effects for our spells in our roguelike tactical RPG!
People keep saying the blood is too much but idk, I kinda like it that way. What do you think?
The AI in our game are a bit silly and cute, do you like it?
Check out my "zelda 2" like: combo testing
I am working on a turn-based civilization-like game about Kievan Rus'
How do you like our heroine?
We are making a really fast-paced FPS inspired by classic action movies like Mad Max and Matrix, what do you think?
Meet the mighty bull grown in our farm simulator. How do you like him?
How do you like this tiny zombie cop?
Run boy run! The video of our game Daydream: Forgotten Sorrow. How do you like it?
I'm developing a 3D Radar-like effect for a horror game with thermal and x-ray variants. Can you tell what's in the room?
I've added water currents to my game, do you like them?
I've made a combat system for my civilization-like game about Kyivan Rus'
What do you think about our element switching system? Depending on the element, the outfit and hair changes. It is like a combination of Devil May Cry and Celeste.
The lava waterfall created for our little game. How do you like it?
The screenshots from my game Daydream. What kind of clouds do you like more: realistic or sylized ones? And why?
Enemies can also parry. Like a player.
I have been developing this game solo for over 2 years and this is how it looks like.
New punch animation for our zombie survival game. How do you like it?
I really like the feel of this bow and arrow ability!
How do you like this scene from our Wild West survival game?
This is what the Main Character in our game looks like! Is it rad or not?
Making a Turn-based tactics + roguelike deckbuilding game! Just dropped a major demo update, would love to get some feedback :)
Painted this a while back for my little game, hope you like it!
Tried juicing up this boss fight against a massive toad in my solo developed fishing roguelike!! :)
Paladin's house! Do you like the contrast between it and it's owner?
3 years later and less then a rents worth of money left in the bank account and I've nearly finished my first game[Toy Tanks]! Some of my most cherished memories are of my little brother and I playing on the Wii(Remember the Tanks Mini game!). I'd like to do for others what that game did for me :-)
Added Little Red to Project Grimm, our online co-op action roguelike! What do you think of her attacks?
Take a shower to save your butt. This is the way we decided to make checkpoints in our game. How do you like it?
We are working on the sleep capsule asset for our sci fi survival horror game. How do you like it?
Working on new game about being a merchant in a shanty pirate town. Do you like the vibe? Would you want to explore this world?
New design of the enemy voodoo shaman. Do you like its design? Is it original enough?
Here's what my game looked like 9 months ago VS how it looks now!
Roguelike game I'm working on as a Solo Dev!
Wastebraver - combat focused roguelike rpg for the Playdate and Steamdeck! Thoughts on the combat so far?
I am passionate about diving, so I wanted to make a game on it. With a friend, we making our own indie game: The Logbook, a submarine adventure. Hope you like it !
Does the professor look like the KFC guy?
Ah! You're finally awake! - Morning after a night of hard partying be like.
Having smooth platforming in our game 'Mandragora' is a really important goal for us. Here’s a sneak peek of it in action in a WIP area, we hope you like it! (more info in comments)
The dancing mushroom from our upcoming game. How do you like it?
It feels like I'm making my dreams come true... Here's what we've been working on!
This is player's pet that alerting everyone on the train about dangers along the way, like, in this case, it's these mines and a shark
Check out new concept art for our upcoming horror game. How do you like it?
I was trying to make Blood and Quake but it's more likely Serious Sam
How do you like the changes we've made for 2 years?
We are working on a retro inspired First Person Puncher. Heavily inspired by movies like Tetsuo and Escape from New York. What do you think?
I made a poster for my upcoming shooter/roguelike/tower defense game!
Guys, we just reached a very important milestone with our metroidvania-style game, Mandragora: we launched a Kickstarter campaign a couple of minutes ago. I hope you'll like this short teaser video:
Which method do you like more for revealing the player when they're obscured?
Working on my very first game called 'VOIN', a 1st person dark fantasy roguelike slasher! What do you think of the visuals?
[Giveaway][H] humble keys i forgot about [W] i guess you can give me a dollar or something if you feel like it but i'm not gonna make you
Added gravestones with loot to my roguelike Gloomgrave
Guys, we just reached a very important milestone with our metroidvania-style game, Mandragora: we launched a Kickstarter campaign a couple of minutes ago. I hope you'll like this short teaser video:
I added some subtly interactive grass in replacement of the previous one which was all static. And now it looks like a ratata is going to appear at any moment. :v
Swapping face enemy for a roguelike shooter project
My friend sent me this.... This feels like a dream. :')
[OC] Just showing off a little of the movement and some early items in Tales of Four, my multiplayer Zeldalike
Our game will be released in 2023 Q3!!! hope you like this reveal trailer~
The episode from our game I like most of all. And what do you think about it?
We completely overhauled our mining-defense roguelike game :)
The birth of Buddy-Bot, an NPC in our co-op roguelike
The screenshots from my game Daydream. What kind of clouds do you like more: realistic or sylized ones? And why?
I'm making a postapocalyptic western game that looks like a claymation!
How do you like this new design we created for our Cocroach warriors?
The dancing mushroom from our upcoming game. How do you like it?
I am a solo developer making MonTamer - No bought Assets used - How do you like it?
Trailer for my roguelike dungeon crawler Gloomgrave!
Hey there! I made this little concept for a game I'm thinking of making. What do you think? Would you like seeing a game in this style?
It looks 2D in-game but it is actually 3D! I'm making a top-down shooter roguelike where you can jump!
How do you like this game environment?
2 years later after my friend forced me to leave my job, my roguelike hockey game is now live on Kickstarter!
Testing out new glow/light effects for our spells in our roguelike tactical RPG!
That's the loading screen of my game, what do you think about it? Which details do you like most of all?
Didn't feel like animating chests so I just blew them up
I liked the idea of buildings having an interior view so much that I decided to work on it.
I like trains ...
Balancing out brutality with beauty in our pixelated Souls-like
How do you like the changes we've made for 2 years?
How do you like this cute tiny pig taking a morning shower?
Someone asked me, what happens if one of those "rocks" hits you while you're sliding down the volcano. Well, you go like ...
Does it look like a "baby steps" of a raven child?
Hi, I am making a game like getting over it and jump king but with a gun! Feedback appreciated!!
Inspired by the amazing Shredder's Revenge, I decided to imagine what a remastered Simpsons Arcade might look like if it used a somewhat similar art style
SacriFire. Each major location in SacriFire has its own unique color palette and feel. What other color combinations would you like to see?
Looks like the parrot collider glitched inside the cup collider
After several years in early access, our hardcore pixelated roguelike autobattler Despot's Game is ready to be fully released! We're aiming for this summer: PC and consoles. Wish us luck!
Some years ago, I started this as my first ever solo dev project. Now we're a small team, have a free Demo on Steam and a Patreon for those who wanna play more! How do you like our progress?
We're making Despot's Game, a pixelated dystopian roguelike with a ton of anime references, and it got a release date.
I'm creating this game about climbing colossal creatures in fractal environments and I'm running a playtest if you guys would like to give it a try. Thanks!
After more than five years of solo development, I released my first-ever game. This is a modern-graphics vertical scroll shooter. The game was inspired by the old Apogee's Raptor: Call of the Shadow. I am very excited and hope you will like it:)
30 years old I told everyone that I was going to make my very own ZX Spectrum game one day. Well, I finally did... sort of. Beep's Escape like a Spectrum game, but runs on current hardware! So if you're looking for a good dose of nostalgia, check out the demo. I'd love to hear your thoughts.
I'm making a chess roguelike where you start with a small army that you keep upgrading and use it on chess battles. What do you think?
I combined Turn-based Tactics with roguelike Deckbuilding! Would love to get some feedback on the demo.
Complex SKY — a Factorio-like citybuilder where you build and manage a gigantic city in the sky, which can go up or upside-down! Demo available now on Steam!
I just released my first game - A Deck-Builder Roguelike! Does it look fun?
StableBoy is a small arcade game where you need to save the princess, and also you can compete with other people in the leaderboard. We would really like to hear your oppinion regarding the game.
Would you like to play my game? I'm a solo developer, so I need feedback from many people.
I just joined this indie studio and we're makinga Civ-like game where you use creepypastas and urban myths to conquer the world!
Looking for feedback on my final demo release: Beyond the Mountains (Zelda-like top-down RPG)
I released my new game, Space Heist, on Android. It's a pretty challenging and rewarding experience. I hope you guys like it (link in the comment)
Made a high-speed Monkeyball roguelike with randomized levels. Would love feedback on this 7 level demo!
Skellies Ain't Scary is a minimalist bullet-hell rogue-like on steam! The free demo is out now, and it'd mean a lot to me if you gave it a go!
Finally released my game 'Heroes Corp'. Share your feedbacks and suggestions, I really want to know what you would like to see in this game in the first place. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.StandByGames.GangHeroesTopdownshooter
[TT] Inspired from Happy Tree Friends, What do you think about this catoonish, Action Roguelike?
I made cooking game like Diner Dash but with Typing Mechanic! Need feedback for balancing!
Check out the new trailer of my game. How do you like it? (The New F2P Demo is on Steam)
Solo dev looking for feedback for an action roguelike
Today I launched a public playtest of my game Beyond the Long Night - an uplifting roguelike adventure.
Citrus Rampage, my local multiplayer, is still on sale on Steam! How do you like it?
[Trailer Tuesday] We have finally released our exciting roguelike game Cycled
After three years of hard work, my friend and I are excited to share a demo of our first title : Mechanic Heroes, an overcooked-like game set in an auto repair shop. We’d be very grateful for any feedback. 🙏
A new demo is out for my first game: Beyond the Mountains (Zelda-like top-down RPG)
Play the Demo of my game Hexfactory :) hope you like it
Looking for feedback on my final demo release: Beyond the Mountains (Zelda-like top-down RPG)
I'm making this "atari 2600-ish" inspired 3D roguelike FPS that I just released for free on https://liluo.io/lgv/klaustrophobyc2600. The goal is to survive the waves that get progressively hard, and you can also upgrade your stats 1x per wave (also there's a leaderboard). Would love some feedback:D
We're a team of 9 people, and we released a pixel art roguelike auto battler—Despot's Game. In it, you fight an evil AI with a bunch of naked humans armed with means at hand. The game has ridiculous weapons like stale pretzels and fridges and tons of anime references. Oh, and it has multiplayer too.
NORDIC ASHES: Survivors of Ragnarok - Mayor Update - Roguelike and Survivor Available in Steam
‎I designed Run Jump Go to have a "scanline" effect like an old CRT TV screen. Please Enjoy!
Rogue Earth Playtest on Steam is open to everyone (store page in comment). It is just a small preview of planned content, but I would like to get some feedback and suggestions to work them in during August.
After 10 months of development, the first demo of my high-speed rhythm/roguelike is live on Steam! Think Crypt of the Necrodancer meets Monkeyball. Can you survive the 5 procedural levels and make it The Orb™?
My first prototype game is out! If you like difficult games, give it a try and tell me what you think (Link in the comments)
This is teaser of a game called Little Island Adventure, that we have been developing for the past year. We have managed to flesh out a lot more of the game and everything is starting to come together. This video includes both gameplay and cutscene clips. Hope you like it!
Spent the last month making a short little turn-based roguelike!
Card-Based Roguelike Prototype - Link in the decsription!
[Trailer Tuesday] Our musical bullet hell roguelike is coming at the end of the month!
[TT] My local multiplayer game launched a month ago, and I'm very happy with it. Play the free demo and tell me how do you like it!
Our techno-medieval roguelike where you cross blades with spaceships has a free demo up now!
Im working on this game for some time, its a Vampire Survivors x Diablo 2 x 2d Shooter like Game, if someone wants to test it out and give me some feedback will be awesome, because i know it will be a long game but i dont know if to pursue it or just change to a simpler idea.
We made a roguelike where you fight by joining stars together for the Lost Relic Jam!
Terraria-like 2D sandbox game with music-synchronized boss fights (Gelatine) - giving out keys in comments
My automation puzzle game, Hexahedra, will be part of Steam Next Fest on Monday, and is live on Kickstarter! If you enjoy games like Opus Magnum or Factorio, it should be right up your street! (Win/Linux)
Working on an action roguelike shoot-em-up with spellcasting! Looking for feedback
SIB Elden Ring if I have never played a Soulslike game before and aren’t particularly good at games in general?
I have a gaming white whale. I feel like I could finally quit my gaming addiction if I just found a game like this and fully finish it. But I can't find it, does it even exist?
WSIB if I want a RPG-like game which is bright, vivid and colorful in visuals, while having a good positive, uplifting vibe throughout most of the game?
WSIB: A game that makes me feel like Heisenberg
SIB Elden Ring? Not very into Soulsborne/Souls-like titles.
i ran out of roguelikes/lites
need a game like far cry that rely on you taking down outposts and clearing parts of the map
[WSIB] A game that I can't wait to get back to after work with addicting progression, exploration and longevity (haven't had one like this since quitting WoW back in the days).
WSIB game that feels like an MMORPG but solo..
[WSIB] Games where you can focus on exploration and combat/hunting while ignoring story like BOTW?
WSIB that is LIKE RDR2 but is NOT RDR2?
I need a good single player game with an excellent gameplay and I don't care about the story or even if it is an indie game so I want a game like doom, DMC5 and spider Man but I played all of these games
Can you recommend me a videogame like Civilization V but less focused on competition and victory and more focused on exploration?
WSIB: What's the best/most active Battlefield-like game these days?
[YSB] If you like Terraria, Stardew Valley, and/or Minecraft... try out Necesse!
[WSIB] Soulslike games but with easier gameplay
Games with missions and an obvious "where to go next" (Like spider-man, GOW)
SIB Fallout New Vegas (or Fallout 3) if I didn't like Fallout 4?
Escape Room-Esque Puzzle games like The Room Series?
WSIB if I like Cyberpunk
Games like cyberpunk 2077
WSIB, Open world RPGs where gear is important and plays a major role, preferably not gun focused (Like Fallout or Cyberpunk), no turn based combat.
WSIB - Wife buying us PS5. She's not really a gamer but likes story games and stuff like Pokemon and Lego Harry Potter. Doesn't like difficulty. PS4 games encouraged
WSIB: RPG-Like Game That's Not a Time Sink
[WSIB] GTA-like game for a 13yo
WSIB if I like combat, 3rd person action, with some RPG elements?
I am looking of games with a feeling like you are going on a adventure
SIB Dwarf Fortress if I haven't played it (or anything like it) before?
Is there any game like this?
WSIB [PC] Games that I can play for 30 mins or less and still feel like I got something out of it
WSIB Good Souls Like?
WSIB if I am looking for a roguelite/roguelike with horror elements?
Games with a gripping story like Nier Automata and God of War?
SIB Mass Effect: Legendary Edition if I generally dislike sci-fi?
WSIB: A game with Aerial Dogfighting like in Top Gun: Maverick
WSIB - Game (FPS if possible) that let me turn my brain off and play a few rounds or invest hours for stupid unlocks (like COD)
WSIB: Games like Titanfall 2 and Severed Steel
SIB Dead Cells, Binding of Isaac, Enter The Gungeon, or all 3 together if i want to get into more roguelikes?
SIB Cyberpunk 2077 if I liked the anime?
What Souls-like game should I get?
WSIB a mid length (20-50 hours) game as a stop gap between Mass Effect 2 and 3? Not like Mass Effect!
SIB Subnautica / WSIB Games like no man's sky
Are there any games like Noita or a really cool magic system?
[WSIB] New roguelike
Should I buy Dwarf Fortress (Steam Version) if I don't like Rimworld?
WSIB RPGs like Fallout New Vegas where you gather friends and allies along the way, and have them all come back for a finale fight .
WSIB: What are other games like Persona 5 Royal?
[WSIB] If I like MMOs but I don't like stressful difficulty?
Some preview of how my city builder game will look like from a biome point of view.
Posted a devlog about my 2D pixel art roguelike, check it out if you're interested!
I am working on a turn-based civilization-like game about Kievan Rus'. What do you think?
Progression of our concepting on Combots, the enemies in our upcoming co-op roguelike
Created a model of a new predator for out space RPG. Working on different movements like walking, jumping and running. What do you think?
I liked the idea of buildings having an interior view so much that I decided to work on it.
Gameplay footage showing some of the weapons in this roguelike car bullet hell
Felt like doodling. Here's a bunch of eyes!
2 years later after my friend forced me to leave my job, my roguelike hockey game is now live on Kickstarter!
Heres my first game ever...an Open World GTA-Like game... (I dont know how to make good Trailers D: )
"Polysketch" is our WIP art app for Quest 1 and 2, a new way to create! Hope you like!
Reworked the Titlescreen of my game, hope you like it! What do you think awaits the player at the tree?
How do you like this building inspired by Red Dead redempion universe?
That's the loading screen of my game, what do you think about it? Which details do you like most of all?
Do you like this kind of game ?
Added shield surfing to our Souls Like. Tell us what do you think about it.
Level design one room from our space game. You like?
A preview of what our RPG game will look like, one more year of development is needed :)
Working on idle animations this week. Going from a drawing to animated like this can feel like it takes forever!
A glimpse of my first game dev attempt! It's a tower defense-like game with management sim elements, what do you all think?
Hey! How do you like my game mechanics?
I made an announcement trailer for SELINI. I hope you like it.
I like trains ...
Demo released for our techno-medieval roguelike where you cross blades with spaceships!
As a part-time indie it's easy to feel stuck, that progress is going nowhere, so I find that recording videos of the progress really helps! This is what my last 3 months of dev look like in less than two minutes
Working on a realistic climbing game. The climbing mechanics are getting to feel much like real climbing puzzles now, so I’m pretty happy!
Any retro scifi nerds out there? We made a 2D, No Man's Sky-like, mining, fighting pixelart exploration game called Terrene. Just dropped a HUGE Update!!
My 1bit zelda-like filled with secrets, Master Key, is now live on Indiegogo! - Demo available on Steam!
My wizard cat game is slowly coming together!!! Heres a screenshot of the main menu and original sketch:D Its really starting to look like a game! Wacha think?
it's like a wallpaper
Some 3D renderings of our Forest Chonky and early game equipment ❤ Which one do you like best?
I know I've shown it 99 times, but look how cool my fog looks. It's 3d, looks like volumetric fog, and works blazingly fast
Creating a Zelda LTTP editor for fun. Anyone else interested in something like this once it’s finished?
One of the biomes of our roguelike
I'm learning game dev and got an idea from a friend, then made a POC. Seem like it's been done before though. Can anyone think of anything?
This is what our hand-drawn game looks like!
Completely changed the art style for my souls like games.
Added gravestones with loot to my roguelike Gloomgrave
Guys, we just reached a very important milestone with our metroidvania-style game, Mandragora: we launched a Kickstarter campaign a couple of minutes ago. I hope you'll like this short teaser video:
I added some subtly interactive grass in replacement of the previous one which was all static. And now it looks like a ratata is going to appear at any moment. :v
Swapping face enemy for a roguelike shooter project
My friend sent me this.... This feels like a dream. :')
[OC] Just showing off a little of the movement and some early items in Tales of Four, my multiplayer Zeldalike
Our game will be released in 2023 Q3!!! hope you like this reveal trailer~
The episode from our game I like most of all. And what do you think about it?
We completely overhauled our mining-defense roguelike game :)
The birth of Buddy-Bot, an NPC in our co-op roguelike
The screenshots from my game Daydream. What kind of clouds do you like more: realistic or sylized ones? And why?
I'm making a postapocalyptic western game that looks like a claymation!
How do you like this new design we created for our Cocroach warriors?
The dancing mushroom from our upcoming game. How do you like it?
I am a solo developer making MonTamer - No bought Assets used - How do you like it?
Trailer for my roguelike dungeon crawler Gloomgrave!
Hey there! I made this little concept for a game I'm thinking of making. What do you think? Would you like seeing a game in this style?
It looks 2D in-game but it is actually 3D! I'm making a top-down shooter roguelike where you can jump!
How do you like this game environment?
2 years later after my friend forced me to leave my job, my roguelike hockey game is now live on Kickstarter!
Testing out new glow/light effects for our spells in our roguelike tactical RPG!
That's the loading screen of my game, what do you think about it? Which details do you like most of all?
Didn't feel like animating chests so I just blew them up
I liked the idea of buildings having an interior view so much that I decided to work on it.
I like trains ...
Balancing out brutality with beauty in our pixelated Souls-like
How do you like the changes we've made for 2 years?
How do you like this cute tiny pig taking a morning shower?
Someone asked me, what happens if one of those "rocks" hits you while you're sliding down the volcano. Well, you go like ...
Does it look like a "baby steps" of a raven child?
Hi, I am making a game like getting over it and jump king but with a gun! Feedback appreciated!!
Inspired by the amazing Shredder's Revenge, I decided to imagine what a remastered Simpsons Arcade might look like if it used a somewhat similar art style
SacriFire. Each major location in SacriFire has its own unique color palette and feel. What other color combinations would you like to see?
Looks like the parrot collider glitched inside the cup collider
Game developers be like
Wife got me a New Coin. I like my odds.
You dont need enemies with teammates like this
Nintendo Games be like
My husband playing God of War on his Christmas PS5 with some pizza and chicken nuggets for lunch. I feel like he is in his happy place
Shout out to all the dads who gotta play like this cuz a game room doesn’t match the wife’s aesthetic
New Bethesda game? Likely a masterpiece coming...
Most profitable franchise in the world and looks like a PS2 game...
Kids today will never know what midnight release was like.
Starfield showcase got me like
it's like they're mocking me and telling me I suck
And all of them are rogue-likes
We will never see another mission like this
Old man dropped off his pristine Game Gear for repair at my shop. It finally quit on him. Doesn’t look like I’ll be able to repair it. F’s in the chat
Over 500 people have helped us build this Minecraft city, and the airport alone took 2.5 years to build. This is what our Minecraft city looks like after 11 years of work
games that end up being like $10 on clearance sales
Dating in Valentine be like:
[Self] Wanted to share my Dark Souls 2, Heide Knight cosplay. I spent almost 9 months bringing this passion project to life. Hope you all like it!
In case you didn't know, dragons in skyrim can look like this
So, I heard you guys like arcades…
This is what the epitome of predatory loot box looks like, Diablo Immortal streamer gets one 5/5 star gem after spending NZD 24,995$ ($15,763+USD)
This year's major gaming announcements be like
After 2 years, I finally found a PS5! I didnt feel like buying it.
Gotham Knight's UI looks like a mobile game...
In a time of greed, tax-dodging, and general ass-holeness in the gaming industry - lets all try to be more like Iwata
Mario from the Mario movie if he looked more like his design from the games
Probably an unpopular opinion, but the reason a lot of people don’t like or get bored of a game is due to them looking up builds and tips and tricks videos.
Ten years later, Skyrim still benefits from the "Bethesda Effect." Why is it so hard to create another game like Skyrim?
Why does God of War: Ragnarok feel like a Disney Theme Park Ride?
Farming/Dating Sims that are touted to be 'chill games' like Stardew, Rune Factory, Harvest Moon, etc. are stressful as hell.
I really want to like Red Dead 2, but it is the opposite of why I play games
I don't like it when a game's companions are attracted to you no matter what sex you are
Today I realized I've been playing roguelikes wrong my entire life.
Developers like Hideo Kojima and Yoko Taro seem to understand something about games that many of their peers don’t
Dark Souls: Remastered and Prey (2017) have amazing world design, and I wish more games were like this.
Eating and sleeping mechanics in games feel like a chore
Feels like we don't get enough games today that focus on translating a fun, novel activity into gameplay.
What do you think will be the implications of Tools like ChatGPT and Elevenlabs on Gaming?
I would like to see God of War return to the older combat system.
As much as I want to like Cyberpunk 2077 it will never be "good now". It has simply made me greatly appreciate the skill and expertise in other AAA open world games and rpgs
I feel like classic zombies usually are terrible/bad enemies
I learned to like Cyberpunk 2077 by understanding what it isn't
A game like Foxhole (top-down) can handle 3,000 online players. Is the technology there to do this for an FPS war game?
When talking about "better AI", I think we need to differentiate between "smarter AI" and "more human-like AI".
How did smart AI technology, like the one that was introduced in the Left 4 Dead series, advance as gaming further developed?
The moment-to-moment gameplay for The Last of US 2 feels like a nightmare, and that’s what I love about it.
I feel like a lot of people misunderstand DLC.
Have you ever not felt like 'you' in a first person game?
Why does it feel like every ARPG follows the same high damage/low hp format?
There's a lot of misconceptions about Fighting games as a genre, what its issues are and why people play or don't play them, and I'd like to try to discuss it.
A casual normie's take on why I don't like dialogue options.
Is it OK to make AI opponents look like real people?
Returnal (PS5) - The Freud-like with a very smart soundtrack
Some thoughts on the design shift from roguelike to roguelite
How player power is designed in Roguelike RPGs.
What should open-world game endings be like?
Are Tactical Shooters Like Oldschool Rainbow Six/Tom Clancy Dead?
Are we thinking about open world games wrong? I feel we should treat them like a buffet rather than an à la carte option.
Capcom showed off how Street Fighter 6 will have two input modes. Classic, which uses motion inputs, and modern, which uses directional inputs like smash, and I really like how they handled this.
Styling my hair like video game characters! Hoping this will be appreciated here 😅 (repost to follow subreddit rules!)
jiggle physics in video games be like
Uh oh, looks like we have to stop painting our nails, everyone.
Wow I did not expect the game to be like this.
Kinda sad so many still act like literal neanderthals
I’m a console gamer who doesn’t have a dedicated space to play. I’d like to share my dumb solution to that problem. My mobile battlestation.
Me with low HP in Elden Ring be like....
I feel like a fraud for playing on my switch and drinking at a wine bar while waiting for my flight- but it’s fun
As someone who doesn't like FPS or sports games trying to find gamer friends IRL Is hard😔
This mans attempt to match me on Hinge started by belittling me for stating that I like playing computer games.
We just like things
if your game has armor like on the right, your game definitely should also have the armor on the left
Is this even real? That's why I don't really like MMOs due to them creating completely unpractical outfits to satisfy male audience. This one practically asks for a deathly stab in the chest.
So sick of men coming into our spaces to demand we put more consideration into how they must feel…like we lack empathy or thought. Context below.
Recently restarted Skyrim and like to take couples portraits with my adventurer husband, Farkas. I sent my IRL husband one of my screenshots and he promptly sent this edited version in return. I cannot stop laughing! I'm a very lucky woman, in-game and IRL.
The way dudebros get so angry if people likes male characters
Guy sends me porn and I guess is confused why I didn't respond. Why are people like this?
i need keke palmer on twitch like i need water
It doesn't look like much, but it's really powerful and I put it together myself!
I never streamed on twitch before, and my first stream was a success. I never felt like I had so much fun. ;w; I was nervous and thought I'd only stream for an hour. (I have massive anxiety.) I didn't think I'd let loose and stream for almost 3 hours! I thought I'd share it here!
I think I need to stop using Reddit for anything other than safe spaces like this
i like wow but it's hard to play sometimes
Random apex player I played 1 game with found my insta and took a no like a true champ
I'm sorry but I feel like venting
I really liked this new art for a Magic card, I thought someone else here might enjoy it. Furiosa vibes.
Does anyone else feel like male dominated communities (Gaming, Particularly) can be really pointlessly negative and hate little joys in things?
Just realized why I don’t like Minecraft
Refusing to give girls credit where it’s due, like why?
Why can’t women/femme characters just be themselves and not ranked as “waifu”? I feel like every sub I’m in for video games has this same comment/vibe… exhausting to see.
For some reason, reddit loves pushing the opposite of these posts to my feed (like that cyberpunk/nexus one), so I thought about sharing some "positivity" to balance things.
My Time at Sandrock is really killing me with making the hottest romanceable character the hardest to build a relationship with because he doesn't like to talk, doesn't accept gifts and doesn't give you any quests.
I feel like every game should have a demo at this time and age
Who are your favorite female Video Game characters? Mine are Poison from Street Fighter, Rosalina and Samus Aran. I especially like Poison, cause she was the first positive Trans* representation I saw
Rocksteady’s ‘Suicide Squad’ Looks Like Live Service Hell
Overwatch 2's Phone Requirement: 'It's Like Being Punished For Being Poor'
Feds likely to challenge Microsoft’s $69 billion Activision takeover
Apparently The $70 Skyrim Anniversary Edition On Switch Runs Like Crap
Looks like PS5 exclusive Returnal is headed to PC
Yakuza creator Nagoshi says his next game will be ‘violent and silly like a Tarantino movie’
Jason Schreier: "Some news: Marvel's Midnight Suns was a critical success but a commercial flop. Take-Two CEO Strauss Zelnick told me in an interview this afternoon that "it's possible the release window wasn't perfect" but that he thinks it could have a long tail, like other Firaxis games"
It seems Soulslike "Bleak Faith: Forsaken" is using stolen Assets from Fromsoft games.
Like a Dragon 8 | Announcement Trailer
Like a Dragon: Ishin Will Not Feature an English Dub
Halo Infinite Launch Was Like A Runner Tripping And Falling At The Finish Line, Xbox Boss Says
